---
title: "Some geometry problems"
date: 2024-02-26
---
There are my class notes for some geometry classes which were trained by Prof. Tran Quang Hung, in Summer Camp 2018 at Luong Van Chanh High School for the Gifted, Phu Yen province.

Here is how the class going on: the professor gave us a problem on the board, and we had some time to explore the idea, he walked around the class which had about 100 students and looked at the student's notebook to figure out if someone had found the solution. He had private talks with some students to discuss the problem. In the end, he briefed the solution for the problem and went on for the next one and so on. There might be someone who was able to solve the problem but there were no students who went on the board and solve the problem by their hands officially as the traditional class happens. There were almost the Prof's sound in the class and little chats between students.


Here is the link to a latex file: [Drive link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nOl4yYspgRVlLTo5f1gybYT9HwkFpE8n/view?usp=sharing)

I joined this Summer Camp at my 11st grade. I went home and texted my notes down on the keyboard and published it on a Facebook group called Hinh hoc phang. 

After a year, when I was in 12nd grade, the Summer Camp continued happening, I kept joining it and in the class of Prof. Hung, he asked the class if there was Nguyen Kim Phuong Trang in the class, he said he read the paper and it was written carefully and completely, it is good and he wanted to know if the author was joining his class. I was too shy to talk to him that is me but I was very happy then. It turns out my simple paper came to his hand and he read it, he even gives it a praise.

Currently, I am working as a Software Engineer, 6 years have been far away and I don't spend time to solve geometry problems anymore, I am still proud of my geometry hobby. I would say I am passionate in geometry and it was a great time to spend on geometry problems. 